# CSE430project2

## Group Members
Joshua Monson<br>
Waverly Roeger<br>
Daniel Caruso II

## Part 1: List Processes
Due: 11:59:00pm Feb 14
### Task 1
Implement the system call and user-level program to list the PIDs of all the processes in your system. (20pts) The list of PIDs should match the processes in the output of “ps”. Note: the output should be generated by your user-level program to standard output, not by your system call handler to kernel log.

### Task 2
Extend your system call and user-level program to list the relevant information of the processes in your system. (20pts) The output of your program should match the output of “ps -e”. Note: the output should be generated by your user-level program to standard output, not by your system call handler to kernel log.

### Group Stuff

## Part 2:  Defuse a Fork Bomb
Due: 11:59:00pm Mar 6
### Task 1
Implement the kernel thread for detecting fork bombs. (20pts) The kernel thread should be implemented in a kernel module, and it shall be started when the module is loaded. When discovering a fork bomb, the thread should print out the PIDs of the processes created by the bomb to kernel log, one process per line. You can compare the list of processes that your kernel thread discovers to those created by your fork bomb to examine the correctness of your implementation. You can reuse the dummy kernel module that you developed in Project 1. 

### Task 2
Implement the function of defusing a fork bomb in your kernel thread. (20pts) When killing the processes, the kernel thread should output their PIDs to the kernel log one per line. Note: it should kill only the processes that are created by the bomb and nothing else. In particular, it should not kill the shell process that is used to launch the fork bomb process. You can compare the list of processes that your kernel thread has killed to those created by your fork bomb to examine the correctness of your implementation.

### Task 3
Implement the synchronization mechanisms so that the kernel thread can go to sleep when there is no sign of a fork bomb and wake up when there is a possible bomb. (20pts) Hint: You should use kernel-level semaphores for synchronization.  

### Group Stuff
